com/example/healthschedule/model/HospitalBDHelper.java
 com.example.healthschedule.model.HospitalBDHelper
com/example/healthschedule/views/ContatoFragment.java
 com.example.healthschedule.views.ContatoFragment
com/example/healthschedule/views/ListaMedicosActivity.java
 com.example.healthschedule.views.ListaMedicosActivity
com/example/healthschedule/views/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.healthschedule.views.LoginActivity
com/example/healthschedule/model/SingletonGestorHospital.java
 com.example.healthschedule.model.SingletonGestorHospital
com/example/healthschedule/model/Marcaco.java
 com.example.healthschedule.model.Marcaco
com/example/healthschedule/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.healthschedule.BuildConfig
com/example/healthschedule/utils/HospitalJsonParser.java
 com.example.healthschedule.utils.HospitalJsonParser
com/example/healthschedule/model/Diagnostico.java
 com.example.healthschedule.model.Diagnostico
com/example/healthschedule/model/Profile.java
 com.example.healthschedule.model.Profile
com/example/healthschedule/views/ListaMedicamentosActivity.java
 com.example.healthschedule.views.ListaMedicamentosActivity
com/example/healthschedule/views/ListaMedicosFragment.java
 com.example.healthschedule.views.ListaMedicosFragment
com/example/healthschedule/listeners/HospitalLoginListener.java
 com.example.healthschedule.listeners.HospitalLoginListener
com/example/healthschedule/model/Medico.java
 com.example.healthschedule.model.Medico
com/example/healthschedule/views/MarcacaoActivity.java
 com.example.healthschedule.views.MarcacaoActivity
com/example/healthschedule/views/ListaConsultasFragment.java
 com.example.healthschedule.views.ListaConsultasFragment
com/example/healthschedule/model/Receita.java
 com.example.healthschedule.model.Receita
com/example/healthschedule/views/PerfilActivity.java
 com.example.healthschedule.views.PerfilActivity
com/example/healthschedule/views/MenuMainActivity.java
 com.example.healthschedule.views.MenuMainActivity
com/example/healthschedule/views/PerfilFragment.java
 com.example.healthschedule.views.PerfilFragment
com/example/healthschedule/views/AgendaFragment.java
 com.example.healthschedule.views.AgendaFragment
com/example/healthschedule/model/Especialidade.java
 com.example.healthschedule.model.Especialidade
