amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/model/Medico.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.model.Medico
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/utils/HospitalJsonParser.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.utils.HospitalJsonParser
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/views/ListaConsultasFragment.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.views.ListaConsultasFragment
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/model/Diagnostico.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.model.Diagnostico
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/model/Marcacao.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.model.Marcacao
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/views/AgendaFragment.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.views.AgendaFragment
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/views/ListaMedicosFragment.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.views.ListaMedicosFragment
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/listeners/HospitalLoginListener.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.listeners.HospitalLoginListener
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/views/PerfilFragment.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.views.PerfilFragment
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/model/HospitalBDHelper.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.model.HospitalBDHelper
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/BuildConfig.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.BuildConfig
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/model/Especialidade.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.model.Especialidade
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/views/MarcacaoActivity.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.views.MarcacaoActivity
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/model/Profile.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.model.Profile
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/views/ListaMedicosActivity.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.views.ListaMedicosActivity
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/views/PerfilActivity.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.views.PerfilActivity
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/model/Receita.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.model.Receita
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/model/SingletonGestorHospital.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.model.SingletonGestorHospital
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/views/ListaMedicamentosActivity.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.views.ListaMedicamentosActivity
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/views/ContatoFragment.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.views.ContatoFragment
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/views/MenuMainActivity.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.views.MenuMainActivity
amsi/dei/estg/ipleiria/healthschedule/views/LoginActivity.java
 amsi.dei.estg.ipleiria.healthschedule.views.LoginActivity
